@Alyssa I was reading the reviews before buying this phone and i was super worried. But i went against the odds because my mom needed a new phone. The phone looks brand new. The only thing that was “wrong” with the appearance was the edge was slightly chipped but i barely noticed it and it covered with a case. The only thing i really have to complain about is it has 85% battery life which is still better than her old batter like percentage. I definitely recommend this brand if you need a new phone cheap! It also came with a screen protector on it already!
@pedro This person has false advertisement it tells you it comes with this but don't send nothing complete. You write on my email contact him he don't contact you at all or he tells you Ok on the emails don't buy from him he's a liar, he does false advertisement.
@Quri ONLY 1 TEENY TINY SCRATCH barely even noticed it, im so happy 😁, also came with a charger %26 charger box!! 4 day shipping to florida, for me
@Alyssa I was reading the reviews before buying this phone and i was super worried. But i went against the odds because my mom needed a new phone. The phone looks brand new. The only thing that was “wrong” with the appearance was the edge was slightly chipped but i barely noticed it and it covered with a case. The only thing i really have to complain about is it has 85% battery life which is still better than her old batter like percentage. I definitely recommend this brand if you need a new phone cheap! It also came with a screen protector on it already!
@guadalupe The phone came in almost perfect condition aside from the fact that there's a huge crack in the middle of the screen.
@bin Is a broken thing
@Dylan Has been repainted looks terrible and speakers are blown not good quality
@Adrianna It has a lot of scratches and it's a little bit broken from the screen!!!
@Hung Empty package
@Juan Being honest this phone doesn't work properly maybe I just have a bad luck, because it has problems updating software so I didn't even get the chance to see haw it works with phone calls or some basic use.
@Tamara Walmart delivered on time. But phone came without a sims card tray so phone won't work until I can find out wear to buy one
@pedro This person has false advertisement it tells you it comes with this but don't send nothing complete. You write on my email contact him he don't contact you at all or he tells you Ok on the emails don't buy from him he's a liar, he does false advertisement.
@gabrielle A refurbished phone is a fixed up used phone. Meaning the battery should have been replaced before reselling! The battery in the phone I bought was not, there's a 50 something percent battery life on the device.
@DavidYi Thought I would try the refurbished I phone 12 with no high expectations. I'm surprised at how good of a condition this phone is in and for under $250. Only been a few weeks but for now it's a five stars!
@Cassandra The phone itself is amazing and I got a good deal on it I think…would definitely do it again if I ever need to. Having said that, I'm quite displeased with FedEx because they failed to follow directions and left my items OUTSIDE the apartment building even though I gave them the entry code to bring it to the door.! Tis the season for porch thief's and I'm not happy about it. I only got lucky because I happened to be home and was outside on the deck when they showed up…thus I was able to get my phone but that's beside the point! 5 stars for the phone and 1 star for FedEx
@Klint The phone seems to work fine and seems to have good battery life. The phone itself is pretty banged up though. You can't tell once I put it in a phone case though. I thought about returning it but I needed a phone and I already waited 3 days for this one to arrive. Getting a used phone is a gamble. You may get one that looks new or one that's beat up-looking. I would not consider my phone good condition. Maybe “fair” at best.
@Kyle Ordered a phone for over $300 claiming to be refurbished. What I got was a scratched up phone missing paint in multiple places and a junk battery that was dead from a full charge in less than 8 hours on standby. Sure, it came wrapped in a plastic sleeve like a new phone would be, but the state of the phone isn't refurbished, it's flat out second hand used and abused. I give the review 2 stars cause at least it turns on and it's unlocked... but I won't be ordering from them again if this is what I get for over $300.
@George if the item needs to be received by somebody in the house, then you should have indicated the approximate time you expected it to arrive. its disappointing to have spent the whole morning hours in the house yet you haven't delivered. it looks like I gonna spend the whole in the house.
@Imis Scratched. Dented. Locked. Old garbage
@Jylene I can say the phone is indeed fair for its price, light minor scratches but really can't complain still in good condition. I just got it hopefully no issues down the road. 😄
@jose Horrible refurbished phone, theirs a pin hole crack on the screen, a whole lot of scratches everywhere on the phone. I've bought a lot of refurbished phones in the past and none has ever looked like this. I'll be returning it right back to them today same day it came in. This phone is not good condition
@Yoana The cell phone is not in good condition, the description said excellent condition, the cell phone has a scratched screen, a scratched camera which affects the image quality and the sides are pitted as if it had been dropped several times, I need a refund since it is not It is as expected
