I was reading the reviews before buying this phone and i was super worried. But i went against the odds because my mom needed a new phone. The phone looks brand new. The only thing that was “wrong” with the appearance was the edge was slightly chipped but i barely noticed it and it covered with a case. The only thing i really have to complain about is it has 85% battery life which is still better than her old batter like percentage. I definitely recommend this brand if you need a new phone cheap! It also came with a screen protector on it already!
This person has false advertisement it tells you it comes with this but don't send nothing complete. You write on my email contact him he don't contact you at all or he tells you Ok on the emails don't buy from him he's a liar, he does false advertisement.
ONLY 1 TEENY TINY SCRATCH barely even noticed it, im so happy 😁, also came with a charger %26 charger box!! 4 day shipping to florida, for me
I was reading the reviews before buying this phone and i was super worried. But i went against the odds because my mom needed a new phone. The phone looks brand new. The only thing that was “wrong” with the appearance was the edge was slightly chipped but i barely noticed it and it covered with a case. The only thing i really have to complain about is it has 85% battery life which is still better than her old batter like percentage. I definitely recommend this brand if you need a new phone cheap! It also came with a screen protector on it already!
The phone came in almost perfect condition aside from the fact that there's a huge crack in the middle of the screen.
Is a broken thing
Has been repainted looks terrible and speakers are blown not good quality
It has a lot of scratches and it's a little bit broken from the screen!!!
Empty package
Being honest this phone doesn't work properly maybe I just have a bad luck, because it has problems updating software so I didn't even get the chance to see haw it works with phone calls or some basic use.
Walmart delivered on time. But phone came without a sims card tray so phone won't work until I can find out wear to buy one
This person has false advertisement it tells you it comes with this but don't send nothing complete. You write on my email contact him he don't contact you at all or he tells you Ok on the emails don't buy from him he's a liar, he does false advertisement.
A refurbished phone is a fixed up used phone. Meaning the battery should have been replaced before reselling! The battery in the phone I bought was not, there's a 50 something percent battery life on the device.
The phone itself is amazing and I got a good deal on it I think…would definitely do it again if I ever need to. Having said that, I'm quite displeased with FedEx because they failed to follow directions and left my items OUTSIDE the apartment building even though I gave them the entry code to bring it to the door.! Tis the season for porch thief's and I'm not happy about it. I only got lucky because I happened to be home and was outside on the deck when they showed up…thus I was able to get my phone but that's beside the point! 5 stars for the phone and 1 star for FedEx
The phone seems to work fine and seems to have good battery life. The phone itself is pretty banged up though. You can't tell once I put it in a phone case though. I thought about returning it but I needed a phone and I already waited 3 days for this one to arrive. Getting a used phone is a gamble. You may get one that looks new or one that's beat up-looking. I would not consider my phone good condition. Maybe “fair” at best.
Ordered a phone for over $300 claiming to be refurbished. What I got was a scratched up phone missing paint in multiple places and a junk battery that was dead from a full charge in less than 8 hours on standby. Sure, it came wrapped in a plastic sleeve like a new phone would be, but the state of the phone isn't refurbished, it's flat out second hand used and abused. I give the review 2 stars cause at least it turns on and it's unlocked... but I won't be ordering from them again if this is what I get for over $300.
if the item needs to be received by somebody in the house, then you should have indicated the approximate time you expected it to arrive. its disappointing to have spent the whole morning hours in the house yet you haven't delivered. it looks like I gonna spend the whole in the house.
Scratched. Dented. Locked. Old garbage
Thought I would try the refurbished I phone 12 with no high expectations. I'm surprised at how good of a condition this phone is in and for under $250. Only been a few weeks but for now it's a five stars!
I can say the phone is indeed fair for its price, light minor scratches but really can't complain still in good condition. I just got it hopefully no issues down the road. 😄
Horrible refurbished phone, theirs a pin hole crack on the screen, a whole lot of scratches everywhere on the phone. I've bought a lot of refurbished phones in the past and none has ever looked like this. I'll be returning it right back to them today same day it came in. This phone is not good condition
The cell phone is not in good condition, the description said excellent condition, the cell phone has a scratched screen, a scratched camera which affects the image quality and the sides are pitted as if it had been dropped several times, I need a refund since it is not It is as expected
I was reading the reviews before buying this phone and i was super worried. But i went against the odds because my mom needed a new phone. The phone looks brand new. The only thing that was “wrong” with the appearance was the edge was slightly chipped but i barely noticed it and it covered with a case. The only thing i really have to complain about is it has 85% battery life which is still better than her old batter like percentage. I definitely recommend this brand if you need a new phone cheap! It also came with a screen protector on it already!
This person has false advertisement it tells you it comes with this but don't send nothing complete. You write on my email contact him he don't contact you at all or he tells you Ok on the emails don't buy from him he's a liar, he does false advertisement.
I love everything the phone have some details but for a refurbished phone was perfect conditions 100% recommend. I was scared because I read the comments after made the purchase but thanks god everything was good
The facial recognition stopped working less than a month after I bought it. Said it was probably a problem beforehand. Said to do updates and might fix but it did not. It's a refurnished phone but it's supposed to work if they are going to resell.
I don't understand the phone is refurbished: to renovate, to restore. Didn't think the phone would look as if it fell down a couple stories. The side of this phone are horribly dented.
I am very disguisted with this company ! I bought a apple iphone and it won;t hold a charge and I just can;t get hold of anyone
The phone had scratches and the speaker was blowed it was awful so I returned the phone and don't get my money back until a month
Nobody can hear me on the phone mic. i have to talk on speaker everywhere im at. Embarrassing!!! but I've been waiting on an iphone 11 and he got me the 12 so I'll keep it.
The iphone12 I got is working very good only a few scracts on the sides but I bought a nice case and u can't see them. No scracts on the screen . I only had it a week so I hope it works this good for a long time.
Made the purchase before I read the previous views and I just knew people were lieing. My phone came with no problems at all just a tiny corner scratch that's not noticeable really but the phone works perfect. Good investment when I was gonna drop $600 plus on the same item.
Purchased for my wife it was basically brand new I couldn't tell it was refurbished.
Screen scratched more than I'd like
I'm missing my order and need it
i loved that it came so clean and everything also excellent condition
Wrong color, one speaker not working no one answering calls.
Came perfect in the box with charger wire. Had a little bit of the edge messed up but wasn't that bad. I was satisfy
The phone screen was scratched and in bad shape, also I ordered it in black they sent me a blue color
Back is a little beat up but flaws are expected, screen is great, so are the speakers, battery life is 90 which is amazing!
Not what I ordered. The phone was smaller than the measurements in the description. Scratches on screen.
Mine came in good condition only a few minor scratches no scratches on the screen nor cracks i would deffinatley buy this again
the phone turns on the battery is good but it has a lot of scratches and some dents the side overall don't recommend to buy
I had this phone less than 2 months, battery swelled making the phone unusable. Emailed the seller and they said they will not replace or refund.
I was reading the reviews before buying this phone and i was super worried. But i went against the odds because my mom needed a new phone. The phone looks brand new. The only thing that was “wrong” with the appearance was the edge was slightly chipped but i barely noticed it and it covered with a case. The only thing i really have to complain about is it has 85% battery life which is still better than her old batter like percentage. I definitely recommend this brand if you need a new phone cheap! It also came with a screen protector on it already!
This person has false advertisement it tells you it comes with this but don't send nothing complete. You write on my email contact him he don't contact you at all or he tells you Ok on the emails don't buy from him he's a liar, he does false advertisement.
Horrible just received and it's so bad totally marked up you have to put it on speaker to hear anybody
I'm in process of returning the phone it turns off out of nowhere and is fully charged but still turns off.
Faulse advertized the Iphone as refurbished and it is not the battery was at replacement leverl of chargeing life. STAY CLEAR
I bought 4 phones and the chargers that came with the phones either dont not charge or slow to charge the phones.
So far far good only have had it 3 weeks
Screen have a hair crack in it and phone looks like a child owned it and never had a case on it.
Everything came as told but everyone I call says I sound staticky
You can see a little wear, but nothing bad, the battery is bad, it only has 88% life left and will NOT stay charged, I really should have spent the extra money and got a NEW phone.
This is a very good phone, although it did arrive with some scratches on the screen. Other than that it's in very good used condition. I like the pale green color.
Item was exactly as described and my son loves it. Thank you
Not please with the item. Phone had lot of scratches on the screen and even around the camera lens
My husband loves his iphone, so far so good.
Came with some scuffs (not surprised) but hey still works tho
Good nothing was wrong with the item
Not upto the mark. Scratches are visible and the speaker is not good.
Phone came pretty much perfect except a little chip in the corner
Internally good but phone id so scratched up id more scratched up then my cracked up old phone
Dents and missing block charger
I got the wrong phone was suppose to be 258gb phone we got was with 64 gb
It had some scratches on the screen so far they would have given more reasonable prices
I was reading the reviews before buying this phone and i was super worried. But i went against the odds because my mom needed a new phone. The phone looks brand new. The only thing that was “wrong” with the appearance was the edge was slightly chipped but i barely noticed it and it covered with a case. The only thing i really have to complain about is it has 85% battery life which is still better than her old batter like percentage. I definitely recommend this brand if you need a new phone cheap! It also came with a screen protector on it already!
This person has false advertisement it tells you it comes with this but don't send nothing complete. You write on my email contact him he don't contact you at all or he tells you Ok on the emails don't buy from him he's a liar, he does false advertisement.
I like it but it's Christmas gift, so have no idea how it will work. I'm like a champ.
headphone failure, therefore it is a lie that it is in good condition
Item condition is way worse than the description. The refund took a month.
This was a great purchase
Wouldn't recommend but that's my choice wouldn't let me activate it
I really didn't know anything about the phone my grand ask for it so I got them for them
Iphone 12 advertised and sold as unlocked and it was definitely LOCKED and unable to be activated!
Works great and it's a amazing phone
I'm not happy at all from purchase date never worked right
i dont like the phone it looks used
Lot of scratches on the screen. Phone was physically damaged.
works fine so far just scratched and dinged up
I would definitely buy this phone again
my favorite ohone ive had
The phone did not work, is totally broken, and the window to return the item is way too short.
i bought this iphone 12 and it won't charge
Could make with more storage sometimes keys wont be pick on other end
The phones are not working. It is a rip off.
the speaker isnt working and i bought it as a gift
This phone looks like it's been to a war
I was reading the reviews before buying this phone and i was super worried. But i went against the odds because my mom needed a new phone. The phone looks brand new. The only thing that was “wrong” with the appearance was the edge was slightly chipped but i barely noticed it and it covered with a case. The only thing i really have to complain about is it has 85% battery life which is still better than her old batter like percentage. I definitely recommend this brand if you need a new phone cheap! It also came with a screen protector on it already!
This person has false advertisement it tells you it comes with this but don't send nothing complete. You write on my email contact him he don't contact you at all or he tells you Ok on the emails don't buy from him he's a liar, he does false advertisement.
After 3 months the phones have quit charging and will not charge and become useless they also never held battery life long when first bought
Watch out reff spec. In fact when Phone arrived, lots of scratches under protective foil, so I returned back and now waiting for money 💰 return
Please try your phone out before the 30 days. I purchased this phone for my son for Christmas. He hasn't even used it for 30 days and it keeps freezing. You have to wait for the phone to die before it works again. It's froze 3 times so far. I appreciate the 30 day warranty, but I believe exceptions should be made for Christmas. It should be extended. I just wanted to exchange the phone, but the company says no. I guess I will have to live and learn.
So far great condition phone for a great price. Order a used iPhone 12. Advertised as good condition but it was near excellent imo. Only 1 small dent and a tiny scuff on edges that are covered by case. All parts were still original OEM (according to the IOS that now flags certain replacement parts)
Very disappointed very scratched up
Came nicely packaged with no issues or scratches on the phone
Had a little chipping around the cameras but it was excellent even tho I traded 3 months later
Takes awesome pictures and no problems
Item did not come in original packaging which was okay but when I opened it the screen was super scratched up, the sides were dented and the back of the phone was scratched up. Very disappointed.
Phone had very minimal scratches, everything is functional and perfectly fine. But it had an 87% battery life. Still great for the price
Do not buy this phone. You have to talk to everyone on speakerphone. It said it only had a few scratches. It scratched all the way up everywhere.
Phone came with dents and scuff on the sides and corners don't recommend buh everyone will get a different phone so who knows
The phone arrived with scratches on the screen
Good condition is not that great …condition should be OK condition
very good phone no scratches
It came pristine and brand new and I have no problems with it.
The IPhone arrived functioning perfectly. It was a really good purchase.
I have tried to order this phone several times. I was not permitted due to "suspicious activity ". I reached out to Wal-Mart and was told to try again the next day that the problem was sorted out. I was once again denied. Moving forward I will only order online from Wal-Mart if it is my last and only option.
